Martin Price: Hi.
Dominique Pozo: Hi there. Can you hear me.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah. Okay, great.
Dominique Pozo: Good. How's it going,
Martin Price: Been having like so much anxiety that I've been getting like migraines and stomach aches.
Huh.
It's
Martin Price: You know, it's basically
Martin Price: Anxiety RELATED TO MY FINANCIAL SITUATION. And then trying to
Martin Price: set boundaries are in this relationship that I'm in and
Martin Price: It's just eat my lunch. Man, I don't know.
Martin Price: Seven a really hard time dealing with it.
Dominique Pozo: So you're considering ending the relationship now.
Martin Price: Well, it's just kind of, I just feel like it's all about money. I mean, I really like her, and
Martin Price: She may or may not. I just feel like her financial needs are so dire that
Martin Price: I can't support her and me at the same time.
Martin Price: You know I told her she could use the business money to
Martin Price: Support her cell phone. She's in school.
Martin Price: You know, but she still wants help from me paying our mortgage and
Martin Price: You know what's happening is
Martin Price: Then I wouldn't have enough money to pay my taxes and I'm already in arrears from
Martin Price: So it's just a real difficult financial situation. So I'm just dreading you know meeting with her and telling her all this and
Martin Price: You know, because I think she looks at me like I'm her savior or something and
Martin Price: I just feel like I can't keep doing that, unless
Martin Price: My I'm trying to get a refinance my house and it's just
Martin Price: Nothing seems to be
Martin Price: Working you know
Martin Price: A new insurance company won't cover my medication. It's just like a lot of bad news all at once.
Dominique Pozo: Hmm.
Dominique Pozo: Let's start with a little mindfulness and maybe tend to your anxiety and nervous system and
Dominique Pozo: Maybe bring the attention away from the head into the body for a little bit. Would that be helpful.
Martin Price: Yeah.
Martin Price: Yeah, okay.
Dominique Pozo: So if it feels good to close your eyes. Go ahead and close them looks like it does because you are so just keep them closed and
Dominique Pozo: And just taking a few moments to connect with your breath before anything else and
Dominique Pozo: Really focusing on that. Exhale. So as you exhale
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, dropping any areas that might feel extra tense.
Dominique Pozo: And
Dominique Pozo: Just, you know, in your own time. Go ahead and scan your body and see if you can locate a part of your body that feels really soft and spacious
Martin Price: Really
Dominique Pozo: really soft and spacious like you know maybe it's the bottom of your cheek or it could be the most silly thing. You know, like the the center of your hand or wherever you can. If you can, can you locate some parts of your body that feels, you know, maybe tension free
Dominique Pozo: If you can let me know.
Martin Price: Really, I'm just pretty wound up
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so
Dominique Pozo: How about let's let's switch the ear attention to. Is there some place that you've been to where you actually feel good, like a place out in nature or maybe some other
Dominique Pozo: You know place that you can think of where you've been able to
Martin Price: Really scheme.
Uh huh.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so take your yourself there in your mind's eye, and just through the whole experience, you know, driving up the mountain. I don't know if you cross country skier downhill ski, whatever, but it's
Dominique Pozo: It's downhill. Okay, so take yourself to a moment that feels really peaceful and good in that whole experience and to see if you can rest there for a few breaths.
Martin Price: I do like it up there but Excuse me just a moment. I'm going to get a heating pad. It's really cold.
Martin Price: That's it. Oh.
Martin Price: Don't have to worry about that. There, I'm sure.
Dominique Pozo: No, it's so nice. I, I just was in the sunshine and I'm actually on the other end. I'm like, I need the air conditioning that so
Martin Price: Oh do rent or, you know, please share
Dominique Pozo: Have a
Dominique Pozo: Different situation I I live on a friend's property and thankfully I was able to build a home on it so
Dominique Pozo: I don't don't own the land. I do on my home, but it's on their land. So it's lease it the land that I built on so it's it's some
Martin Price: Was it expensive to build there.
Dominique Pozo: I, I have a tiny home and it's very humble. I mean, it's all like that. There's no
Dominique Pozo: I can see all the studs in the, the kind of frame of the house it's oh it's like an open frame structure. There's, it's very simple. It's like
Martin Price: Shoot. When you're in the kitchen. Oh.
Dominique Pozo: Cool. Yeah, I'm not in my home right now. I'm actually
Martin Price: I know I mean
Martin Price: Like when we're in group, I can see like the white room exposed white everything's painted white
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, that's my home. Yeah.
Martin Price: Yeah, well I mean I'm seriously this whole financial mess. It's just making me more to
Martin Price: Really just cut them run, you know, just like
Martin Price: Save as much as I can and just sell my house and like
Martin Price: Like
Martin Price: You know, the IRS dad and his constant
Martin Price: Need from
Martin Price: This growing the relationship. It's like almost wish I didn't have anything. You know, I could just say
Martin Price: You have to go somewhere else.
Martin Price: It's really, I'm just super torn between. Am I doing a good thing for some money or am I just enabling them or am I just like paying for love or god it's just like, you know, really eat eating my lunch.
Dominique Pozo: What would it be like to just take some space from the whole relationship and rather than question at all. Take a little space and observe what happens
Martin Price: You may take a timeout with her.
Dominique Pozo: I wonder. I'm just wondering what what what what comes up for you when I suggest that as a possibility.
Martin Price: Here it's like she's expecting me to come back this weekend and help prepare mortgage, you know, and
Martin Price: That's the pattern. I've established and
Martin Price: You know, the business. Money is supposedly coming towards the end of February. And I'm just like,
Martin Price: I'd almost rather just say this. Take it and use it for yourself and
Martin Price: You know, if and when you choose to pay me back, you know, where I live, you know,
Martin Price: I'm just like, no, no negative space and
Martin Price: You know, like I said it for the past few days, like the afternoon comes around and I just get like
Martin Price: These like migraines. I have to start drinking water and then
Martin Price: You know, it's just
Martin Price: Like a construction site and just a diet of donuts and coffee and I just need to really start taking care of myself, you know, I learned to love myself.
Dominique Pozo: That sounds great. And it sounds to me that your body is really speaking speaking pretty loudly to that something's off, you know,
Martin Price: Yeah yeah I don't feel don't feel very good.
Martin Price: And it's a real drag. Cuz you know
Martin Price: Sometimes we don't talk about money. Everything's fine. But if we talk about money, then it's like, it's all one way, you know,
Dominique Pozo: Well, have you all been talking about that, but it's really starting to not feel good to you.
Martin Price: I just keep telling her that I'm getting sick from all this anxiety about my finances and you know she's like, Oh, I got laid off and December and
Martin Price: You know, and then I come back with, well, we've been, you know, you helped in January and you got this business money coming that you can use to support you and your family while you go to school and she's going to get another job but
Martin Price: You know, I don't even live in Santa Fe anymore.
Martin Price: And
Martin Price: I just can't understand if it's like fear of like breaking up or like guilt from
Martin Price: I'm not doing what I said I was going to do in terms of helping her or
Martin Price: I don't know what it is. It's like
Martin Price: I kind of realized my mom really like she was there, she really sacrificed herself and
Martin Price: Here with my dad and our family to keep it all going and she was just a very giving person and
I
Martin Price: I don't know if that like is my family model or why you know
Dominique Pozo: Well, it's probably a part of it, and you're, you're so aware of your tendency that I think
Dominique Pozo: Sure, it was Model T. But at this point, you, you have the agency to make different choices and do things differently. A few
Dominique Pozo: As you're doing as you explore and you know question what. Okay, where am I coming from. What's the motive here. I mean, that's the thing that I think would be helpful is to really get clear on your motivation. Like, what is your motivation in helping her
Martin Price: Part of it like
Martin Price: I care for, like, or, you know, it's just
Martin Price: She's very insistent on her boundaries that you know she doesn't want to introduce me to her family until she's good and ready and like, trust me, and
Martin Price: And this is all be, you know, because she was in a she got beat their marriage, you know, she was like, you know, her husband costly criticized her, and in the end he started getting her and then she finally just ran out and
Martin Price: She's just as a you know worked on it.
Martin Price: On the trauma and so she just has these huge trust issues and she totally admits it, you know, and
Martin Price: And that led to some counseling and
Martin Price: She didn't feel like he was helping and
Martin Price: I don't know, I just, I think she's just like,
Martin Price: I just don't know if she wants to work on herself. You know, I don't really think she does. Maybe she does. I'm just impatient.
Dominique Pozo: Do you want to bring her to a session with us and see how the dynamic might be, I don't know what the spiritual counselor. You know how he works or what he was presenting to her, but I wonder if you know maybe another angle might be affected with her.
Dominique Pozo: Or she might be more receptive
Yeah.
Martin Price: I just feel like I've already tried
Martin Price: And I feel like I'm
Martin Price: You know,
Martin Price: Looking they're expecting this outcome that show
Martin Price: Dropped her guard and
Martin Price: You know, learn to trust me right
Martin Price: It's gonna be a while, I guess, or I don't know. I'm just like, tired of it, you know.
Martin Price: Just makes me feel like
Martin Price: You know, I'm not, I'm not good enough to come over there or something and
Martin Price: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, you
Martin Price: Should be supporting them and her family. Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: This makes a lot of sense, Marty. I, I am empathizing, you know, hearing that you're supporting her with financially in a big way. And what
Dominique Pozo: Is acknowledgement and to be
Dominique Pozo: Seen and to be, you know, let into her world more
Martin Price: Yeah, it's like
Martin Price: You know, it always
Martin Price: She says a tendency to pull away and then re engage and pull away and it's like
Martin Price: I don't know, cats like talking to sentence like a product of the trauma, you know, I, she just
Martin Price: Won't let herself.
Martin Price: Get too close to someone, because I guess she's afraid of being hurt or she doesn't trust man or
Martin Price: I don't know what happens to people in trauma. I don't know.
Dominique Pozo: It's very
Dominique Pozo: Like yeah
Martin Price: It's common to empathize with her and it just
Martin Price: won't change.
Dominique Pozo: Well, this is definitely i don't i don't really even want to speak too much more about her because I've never met her. I don't know her yet.
Dominique Pozo: If there's if there's trauma. She claims it's going to take a lot of work on her part to move through that because there's so many different symptoms from isolation to anxiety to, you know,
Martin Price: Getting she says she like as real low self esteem and
Martin Price: She hates being in crowded restaurants or anything like that and
Martin Price: Won't let me have a picture ever because like her ex just kept telling her how bad or acne was that she was this or how she was that, you know, class fan.
Martin Price: And I get it. And I've tried to empathize but
Martin Price: You know, every time it's like I knew I want to bring up counseling is it's only like you know I'm busy I am with school you know i just i got laid off and now I'm at school. And that's the other thing I was just trying to get a job and
Martin Price: It's just not a very, you know, like, I'll go home to Santa Fe and all. It's about is like being together for a few hours and going by the bank and getting your money anymore. It's just a drag
Dominique Pozo: Hmm, so
Martin Price: It's like I'm just letting it happen to myself, you know, and I pray about it. And, like, try and
Martin Price: Look for a sign like
Martin Price: They're really
Martin Price: Helping this person and her family are, you know,
Martin Price: It's just really kind of gotten to me.
Dominique Pozo: I can
Martin Price: I can resolve.
Martin Price: This weekend like take a stand, you know,
Martin Price: That I usually fall apart.
Dominique Pozo: Well, one thing, correct me if I'm wrong, but I'm kind of sensing some resentment and
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, it definitely confusing as you named and
Dominique Pozo: Um,
Martin Price: I mean, work is really demanding it and she's had she sees how much I make, and she just like
Martin Price: You know, you obviously have the money to help me, but it's not really true, because it taxes and
Martin Price: I mean, I'm starting to do better, but
Dominique Pozo: Then you and I just, I'm not you know that's that's definitely what you're imagining she's thinking yet. I just want. Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: I want to focus on you, you know, there's definitely your part is an enabling her you know your neighbors.
Dominique Pozo: Are giving her money. It's something that's now become like expected and a part of the dynamic. So it's just, you know,
It's
Martin Price: You know, it's just not a fulfilling relationship.
Dominique Pozo: So how would it be to just say that I'm not feeling fulfilled.
Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: And I
You know,
Martin Price: Like just and yes I'm assuming this but she'll just be like, you know what I'm going through, you know, three kids and a wife and a mom and
Martin Price: I lost my job and going back to school and
Dominique Pozo: And that's
Martin Price: Her stuff just on and on.
Dominique Pozo: Right, and that's
Dominique Pozo: Her and that is her stuff. So I'm just wondering, what would it be to simply just say I hear that I can understand. And this is what's going on for me.
Martin Price: You know what
Dominique Pozo: And this is what's going on. For me, it doesn't negate anything that she said it's not, what's the word
Dominique Pozo: invalidating her. It's not at all. You know, you're simply naming what I'm hearing that you're not really feeling very nourished that you're you're needing more on multiple levels. Yeah.
Martin Price: I mean, talking on the phone once or twice a day is nice and she's always very encouraging and i i'm very encouraging to her and she basically
Martin Price: Sometimes so called us balling. You know, and she just, you know, says stuff like she loves to hear the sound of my voice and I'm the only thing that
Martin Price: helps her feel good and you know
Martin Price: But I just feel like she's going to try and
Martin Price: You know, it's just a very one sided relationship.
Martin Price: So, you know, my anxiety. A lot of it is about how to handle that and not cave, you know, they always cave and
Martin Price: And then
Martin Price: You know, just accepting that like
Martin Price: Except the outcome and don't
Martin Price: Say a word like project, what's going to happen. We didn't know. I'm pretty sure I know what will happen.
Martin Price: To get angry and I'll give in and give her money.
Martin Price: And that's the way the dynamic works.
Martin Price: I'm gonna get a glass of water too. Okay.
Martin Price: I think I've always kind of had a bad time getting out of relationships kind of male and female, you know,
Dominique Pozo: I'm not sure if you need to necessarily get out of it. And I did a few red flags came up for me when you said you just want to, like, hit the road and run
Dominique Pozo: I don't think that's really dealing with the hard stuff. So sure, maybe in time you do make a change, yet. I'm really going to challenge and invite you to communicate your way through this and I really
Martin Price: Wanted to be real, you know, and just
Dominique Pozo: Like
Martin Price: And not have it turned into like this anger thing.
Dominique Pozo: Supportive to have a session and I'm happy to, to, you know, be there as a kind of like a mediator and
Martin Price: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: You need that. But just, you know, a witness and be able to, maybe, maybe not even, you know, not break up but just start a dialogue that's really deep and real that's past
Dominique Pozo: You know, maybe blaming or getting defensive and taking things so personally it's just really facilitating speaking ones truth from a very responsible way.
Martin Price: Yeah, I just, I don't know why I can't do it myself. You know, it's like it's like I have to. It's like I have to deal with all the
Martin Price: It's like I have to have these conversations like in front of a counselor.
Dominique Pozo: So okay, so I'm hearing you want to keep growing the skills to do it yourself.
Martin Price: I don't know what I want to do. I like dreading the whole band. If you want to know the truth. I've been thinking to just canceling the trip.
Dominique Pozo: I think that's running away and turning away from it and I don't think it's gonna make your anxiety any better.
Martin Price: Yeah.
Martin Price: It's gonna have a doctor's appointment I have to go to anyway.
Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Well, do you want to role play a little bit, we've got plenty of time we can
Dominique Pozo: I can pretend to be her or
Dominique Pozo: You can
Martin Price: Help me.
Dominique Pozo: Or you can be her and you can maybe
Dominique Pozo: respond the way you think she would respond. And then all come forward in the way that
Martin Price: You are right.
Dominique Pozo: What would, what would feel more natural. And what would you prefer would do you want to
Martin Price: Be here.
Dominique Pozo: You'll be hurt. Okay, so tell me the setup the scene for me. And also it's
Martin Price: Usually will made in like a
Martin Price: We used to meet at my house, but then
Martin Price: That's a long story. But anyway, so we will usually meet at a restaurant and can't be crowded. I have to order ahead for you know and like
Martin Price: This the seat needs to be away from people as much as possible. And, you know, just that whole thing and then I see her. And I kind of like brighten up, you know, and it makes me happy and
Martin Price: But then if there's, you know, then it becomes, well,
Martin Price: The discussion always turns to money, you know. Well, God, I need. I'm gonna need you know. Well, I thought I gave you money for that last month and that well.
Martin Price: And it's like,
Martin Price: It becomes this list of how much she needs, how much money she needs.
Martin Price: Okay, let's
Dominique Pozo: Let's start from there. I think this is plenty. So why don't we imagine we're in the restaurant. We're in a quiet corner and you start up her and start lamenting on you know how how hard it is financially what you need and
Martin Price: You know, it's like it. Oh, I told you that I needed the money last time to get the mortgage paid early. And so now we have to pay
Martin Price: late fees on it. So it's going to be 30 $500 now or 3600 and I couldn't. I haven't gotten a laptop be up for school and I need that and and
Dominique Pozo: What's her name. What's her name is
Dominique Pozo: Michelle. Michelle Okay. Okay, keep going.
Martin Price: I'm just pissed at myself that I have to even go through this Dominique, I'm sorry. I just like very pissed at myself.
Dominique Pozo: I just fucking
Martin Price: Loser. Oh, I can't anyway.
Martin Price: Yeah, just like I need this. You don't know how hard it is, you know, just kind of laying this whole guilt thing on me.
Martin Price: Okay, be more money than I budgeted to give her and it's just the same old broken record.
Dominique Pozo: Let's stick with the let's stick with the role play for a second and just see how it goes. So you were, you were doing great. I interrupted you. By asking her name. So let's see if you could just just finish off the sentence with one more thing and then I'll come in. I do, I'm going to be
Martin Price: Okay, I don't know. She's like,
Martin Price: All right, you know, I'm assuming
Martin Price: That's usually how it ends.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so I'm know I'm gonna be you, will you finish off her she's
Martin Price: Yeah yeah
Martin Price: Okay, no, I just, that was pretty much it.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Martin Price: So laundry list of why why why okay so
Dominique Pozo: Michelle I I need to just say this when you speak to me about all these, you know, things that you're needing and what didn't work out last month with the money that I gave you my stomach is in knots and it's been
Dominique Pozo: This all week and something's not right. I don't feel right. And I need to share this with you. I, I know that we've set up this dynamic where I've been supporting you and I'm hitting a place where it's not feeling good anymore.
Dominique Pozo: And
Martin Price: Just like, do you know what it's like to be as a single mom with three kids, and I'm taking care of my mom and
Martin Price: I are need 40 $500 in repairs and
Dominique Pozo: I get that. And I'm letting you know that this is not feeling good to me anymore. And I'm really needing you to have some empathy for me.
Dominique Pozo: And my situation that
Dominique Pozo: I want have a relationship with you yet. The way that we've set this up. It's starting to not feel good and I'm, I'm feeling it in my body, my stomach is there in stitches.
Dominique Pozo: And I don't know what to do. I feel stuck. I feel stuck because I care for you. I, I feel this responsibility and I'm not sure where it's coming from. And I know this is my work to keep
Dominique Pozo: You know, sifting through and understanding. It's just what this case so that I do feel this responsibility to help you yet something's not feeling right
Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Can you
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Martin Price: Well, to me, within the studio buker the medicine. You know what I bought it during the day. I feel pretty good and then
Martin Price: In the evening.
Martin Price: I don't know if it wears off or what, but I just kind of like get real negative, you know. So I think it wears off and
Martin Price: So I'm kind of on this roller coaster where you know i overcommit when I'm feeling good, you know, during the course of the day and then a night. And then the next morning, I'm just like Israel with myself for doing it, you know. Mm hmm.
Dominique Pozo: I mean I'm just hearing so much anger directed at yourself.
Martin Price: Yeah. Yeah, it's weird, you know, cuz she
Martin Price: It's, you know, it's basically not her fault. I was wanting to set up this pattern, you know. And to me, it's kind of like
Martin Price: You know, it's like I'm either so afraid of like losing her that I'll do anything to keep her
Martin Price: And there's just this big part of me that
Martin Price: My whole life has just been giving money to women.
Martin Price: It's like wives kids. It's just been
Martin Price: You know, I got my daughter got schizophrenia and I just like
Martin Price: You know, is accused of enabling your, you know, because I just gave her a free pass and just tried to help her financially for the last seven years. I even finished up school for like taking her online classes and
Dominique Pozo: Oh you finished her school for her.
Martin Price: Yeah, I took like the last four or five classes online for
Martin Price: Oh boy, she did the majority of them. She did like hundred and 15 credits and I did 15 credits, but she got schizophrenia and
Martin Price: You know, so for the last year, I've shelled out $100,000 and she's finally doing better at this treatment center but
Martin Price: Yeah, I guess I just feel like I need to start taking care of me. You know, it's just
Martin Price: It's old the gift gift gift gift gift you know
Dominique Pozo: So is there a point when you
Dominique Pozo: Can actually see that you can name to Michelle. This is my limit, I, I'm not going to give more than this.
Martin Price: I've said it before and it never holds you know it seems like it's always like, Oh, well, you know, the holidays are really expensive. Oh, the money from the business hasn't come in yet. Oh, you know, it's like
Martin Price: It just seems like that, you know, I know. Now it's like okay she signed the papers, the money supposed to come around March or February 20
And
Martin Price: You. Yeah, honestly. There's a big part of me that just wants to, like,
Martin Price: Not
Martin Price: Like blocker on the phone and just do you know
Martin Price: Then I feel bad. I know I feel bad. Well, that's
Dominique Pozo: I think that's definitely running away.
Martin Price: Like doing that to people.
Either
Dominique Pozo: And I think I'm not going to support that, because I think it's running away and turning away from the thing that
Dominique Pozo: I think is your medicine to turn towards the discomfort to turn towards the fear of whatever you're afraid of, you know, and I think blocking someone and just, you know, kind of cutting them off is is actually not facing the fear.
Martin Price: No, I wouldn't feel very good. But it'd be a self preservation mechanism, you know, be
Martin Price: Like that.
Martin Price: Was the people I talked to her, just like you need to get out of this relationship, you know, it's just not balanced.
Dominique Pozo: Just as a
Martin Price: You know there isn't.
Martin Price: There's just not much forthcoming from her.
Dominique Pozo: Mike, are you willing to do a little bit of drawing I am having this
Dominique Pozo: This directive in my mind. So I was trained in art therapy to and I, I'm wondering if you can get a piece of paper, split it down the middle with a pen with a line.
Right. Yes.
Dominique Pozo: Do you, do you have a blank piece or
Dominique Pozo: Maybe it's the back of that piece of paper.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, big. Yep.
Martin Price: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Okay. And I'm wondering if you can do this just draw a line down the middle. And on one side, draw what it would look like what you would look like and feel like if you just blocked her cut it off. No more contact done
Dominique Pozo: And then on the other side, what would it look, what would you look look like if you actually
Dominique Pozo: Set your limits you named to them and you might, you know, you there might be some time of separation, where you don't speak but you're not
Dominique Pozo: You're not like just disappearing and close around someone you're actually naming your needs. What's not working for you and then saying, This is what I need.
Martin Price: So it's like cutting around versus setting limits.
Dominique Pozo: Yes. So can you draw what that both would look like. And I'm curious, whatever comes through.
Dominique Pozo: Just
Martin Price: Kinda right. I would just feel guilty and then I would feel like I abandoned her
Dominique Pozo: So go through this process, take your time and see if any, any images come through to
Dominique Pozo: Images. Images yes symbols are really powerful. And sometimes if you just take a moment and start with one. Start with the cut and run just close your eyes before you do anything else.
Dominique Pozo: And just imagine the cut and run shirt, mentally, you know, you'd feel guilty, it wouldn't it wouldn't feel good, but are there any, do you see a picture or, you know, what would your body look like the gesture just really take your time with it.
Martin Price: I don't see any images.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, well, then maybe right and I'm going to invite you to write with your non dominant hand, there's a lot that comes through, like, it looks to me that your left hand might be your non dominant hand. Is that true
Martin Price: Yeah, I'm right handed.
Dominique Pozo: So right with your left hand and just right.
Martin Price: If I
Dominique Pozo: If I cut and run this is what will happen just right. Don't even think about it, let it just come through.
Martin Price: My queue right with my left hand.
Dominique Pozo: We'll just see what comes through, even if it's just one
Dominique Pozo: This is tapping another part of your brain. That's why I'm asking you.
Dominique Pozo: And then do the same with the other one. If you set limits. What would that look like
Martin Price: I can hardly read my writing.
Martin Price: Okay, okay.
Martin Price: Alright.
Dominique Pozo: So can we read to me what you read what you wrote
Martin Price: And I said I would feel like.
Martin Price: abandon her and after telling her, I'm not that kind of person I wouldn't do it to her.
Martin Price: And then setting limits and say impossible. Impossible to stick to them because
Martin Price: Well,
Martin Price: Basically because
Martin Price: The guilt trip on me.
Dominique Pozo: I'm gonna I'm gonna invite you. One more time to kind of get out of your head around, you know the outcome because I feel like it's a it's a story that you're you you've thought about a lot and it feels really familiar. So I'm, I'm really wanting something maybe new
Dominique Pozo: Fear. Okay, let's so let's go with the fear, will you on that piece of paper right I'm afraid of dot dot dot that's that's really what
Dominique Pozo: Is at the root of it right with my right hand.
Martin Price: I just can't even read my left hand.
Martin Price: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, what did you what came through, what did you write
Martin Price: To cut and run is would be fear that I didn't face my fears.
Martin Price: And then said limits is fear. Fear that show cutting them.
Martin Price: If I stick to one.
Martin Price: Or will have a big fight.
Dominique Pozo: How about can you write if I'm
Martin Price: alone.dot.me after we break up or
Dominique Pozo: I mean, I think what I'm hearing this fear of being alone on both ends, the fear alone if you set limits and and you cut and run, you know that. And then there's the sphere of will. Maybe she'll do it and then. So either way, it seems like the heart of it is this fear of being alone.
Martin Price: Right. No, I, yeah, I agree. And it's like I'm trying to avoid that pain and yet.
Martin Price: It's not our relationship, it's serving me and it's
Martin Price: It's not one that I can see.
Martin Price: Becoming anything in the future, you know,
Dominique Pozo: You don't. You don't see a future.
Martin Price: Not really. I mean, she's 3960 that's number one. She says she likes older men. That doesn't bother her but you know
Martin Price: I'm 70 different story.
Martin Price: Oh, yeah, yeah. And
Martin Price: So I just kind of feel like, you know, I've got like 10 or 10 or 20 years left my life and
Martin Price: And this is all it's all the
Martin Price: You know, intellect versus your heart, you know, my heart would say
Martin Price: Keep trying. She's a really good person. I think that's my heart. Then I wonder if that's just fear. You know, I just don't know and
Dominique Pozo: And I don't think you'll know until you actually give it a try and
Dominique Pozo: Yeah. Oh.
Martin Price: Yeah yeah
Dominique Pozo: And I wonder, you know, if you, you know,
Martin Price: Dominica have tried it before. It's not that I haven't tried this. I just always K, that's my problem.
Martin Price: Do you know what I mean when I say cave
Dominique Pozo: I do what I
Dominique Pozo: What I am thinking is, it's your, your own you're compromising your own needs for someone else.
Martin Price: Yeah, yeah. And I've done all my life, you know. Yeah.
Martin Price: I'm
Martin Price: a people pleaser thing.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, I'm hearing this kind of
Dominique Pozo: Part of you that's rising up saying, I'm tired of this. I want something different.
Martin Price: Yeah, yeah, I'm tired of it. It's a real driving need in me and I don't know why terrorists, you know,
Martin Price: Yeah, it's like
Martin Price: I remember when my second wife and I, before we got married, we broke up for like five months and I was just a rack. You know, I was going out and trying to meet other women, but I just, you know, Mr terribly and
Martin Price: And then she finally wrote and said she wanted to get back together and I just felt like like that. And I was instantly whole again. You know, I had that box checked and so it's like
Martin Price: I know this is a part of me that I really need to work on and
Martin Price: Like learn to love myself and be comfortable being alone. And it's like, I guess I should have done it a long time ago, you know,
Dominique Pozo: What this opportunity now when it doesn't mean that you and Michelle will never get back together again it's, it is the fear, though of letting it loose and trusting. Okay, if this is really real and meant to be. We will be back together again.
Dominique Pozo: And if not, then this is what
Dominique Pozo: It sounds like a part of us really asking for some time alone.
Martin Price: Well, in my mind, like she has just such dire financial needs that she doesn't
Martin Price: Want to justify it because she just has to be with like a guy who makes money, you know,
Martin Price: Otherwise, her
Martin Price: Little world is going to fall apart.
Martin Price: Mean, that's the way I see it, I could be wrong, but I don't think so.
Martin Price: So she's kind of living beyond their means. I hope to get into a house and the payment.
Martin Price: You know she'd have to make $1,000 a month to
Martin Price: Take care of her family and make the payment and everything like that. And right now, she's making zero
Martin Price: And so it's a real
Martin Price: And so, but my, you know, my response to that is like I'm letting you, you know, here's the business money going please use us to take care of yourself, you know,
Martin Price: But
Martin Price: She would rather like keep having me give her money every month to make because that'll stretch the business money further
Dominique Pozo: Right, yeah. Yeah, I'm just going to really encourage you to listen to your body when your body's not right. No, no matter whether it's right for her or not, or if it's rational or read something and you is not okay with the situation. And that's I think that's
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, that's enough.
Dominique Pozo: To
Dominique Pozo: Keep checking, you know,
Martin Price: Yeah, I feel like I'm going to get an ulcer or something and you know
Martin Price: A big part of it is like this. I've never been this broke before you know is financially challenged at a really bad.
Martin Price: And
Martin Price: I finally got found work again last September, and I've been working since then. And that's really helped, but
Martin Price: You know,
Martin Price: I need to get
Martin Price: Some retirement money.
Martin Price: And 60 and I just got to start thinking about that, but it's so weird that I'll start like I do agree the like the Gospels in the Bible a lot and it's like just all about denouncing money and denouncing material possessions and just turning to God and helping other people and
Martin Price: You know,
Dominique Pozo: Well, I don't think
Martin Price: That God will take care of you.
Dominique Pozo: I don't think that's working for you.
Dominique Pozo: At this time, because what I'm hearing as you've been doing that your whole life, and you've reached a point where something in you is
Dominique Pozo: Like rebelling against that. So it's not like you're selfish courting person you've been doing this. Your whole life. So I'm wondering if there needs to be a little more balance action.
Martin Price: Yeah, that I just don't
Martin Price: It's so literal and so absolute when I read that and that stuff makes me feel good and I read it you know like what are they the Beatitudes. And, you know, Blessed are the poor in spirit, for they will be
Martin Price: You know, the, the ones to 10 or having, you know, those kind of things were
Martin Price: Sacrifice for others is really a very noble thing, you know, but
Martin Price: Yeah, it just doesn't feel very good.
Martin Price: And I do recognize a lot of it is like, you know, related to the medication. I make. I don't know if I'm not taking the right dose or what, but it just doesn't last all day. You know, it just wears off. And when I feel
Martin Price: kind of crappy
Dominique Pozo: When do you realize or recognize that you're aligning your mind with your body like your things feel harmonious because right now I'm, I'm, what I'm sensing as a lot of confusion, like the mind thinking this thing and the body's feeling. Another way and it's like, what's
Dominique Pozo: There.
Dominique Pozo: So I'm wondering where and when do you recognize that you're like, your mind is thinking something in your body follows with a lot of like vitality and strengthen and it's just like it's, there's a harmony.
Martin Price: What
Dominique Pozo: There's harmony. What were in your life.
Martin Price: And so when I exercise.
Okay.
Martin Price: That's what I feel good.
Dominique Pozo: Uh huh. Yep. Sounds like that's the part of you're doing something for your well being.
Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: So,
Martin Price: I've had this anxiety practically
Martin Price: Just seems like my whole life. And I've always had to exercise really hard in order to
Martin Price: Calm it down.
Martin Price: And then, you know, but I'm getting older and it's like
Martin Price: The exercise usually helps my back and my gifts feel better, but
Martin Price: If I like stop exercising, they can really start acting up, you know, but it also aggravates them so like when I joined bright hard it was to
Martin Price: You know, increase the dose of the bell BUCA
Martin Price: To deal with like the hip pain, rather than getting hip replacements and the bulging disc in my back and I'm anything like that. But now what it's become is like you know I'm emotionally dependent on it too.
Martin Price: Because I recognize it. You know, it makes me feel happy.
Martin Price: And then, yeah, like I said, towards the end of the day when it wears off. I get kind of bummed out.
Martin Price: When I go into these
Confused spaces or whatever.
Dominique Pozo: Martin. What I'm wondering if you're walking away with anything new from the session or any insight or something that will serve you as you know
Martin Price: It's to tell you the truth. It's pretty much
Martin Price: You know, when everybody starts telling you the same thing that you need to stand up for yourself for some version of that.
Martin Price: It's really weird. That's when I finally did with my second wife, and she split, you know,
Martin Price: Because like my daughter has schizophrenia and it wasn't her child, and she just saw me paying all this attention, having what she doing the codependent or unhealthy relationship, you know, so she laughed, and we got divorced and
Martin Price: You know, of course, Michelle is very supportive of the way I deal with Wiley, but if I already said like, oh, I have to give Wiley money this month, instead of you. I got to be supportive
Hmm.
Martin Price: I'm like, trying to keep know
Martin Price: It's like they call it leading with your wallet.
Martin Price: Well, you know, trying to keep everybody happy by giving them money. Mm hmm.
Martin Price: And yeah, it's just not serving me anymore.
Dominique Pozo: Well, I really see clearly that it's not feeling good to you.
Martin Price: Yeah, I mean, I'm just like financially in pretty bad shape and
Martin Price: You know, I just can't keep giving
Martin Price: So,
Dominique Pozo: So I'm wondering, from the time
Dominique Pozo: That we spent in you know what we've talked to, what are you leaving with
Martin Price: I mean, I feel better. I just
Martin Price: You know, I just feel like I need to be real clear like you're saying and not
Martin Price: Like blame her. I gave her I gave, I gave her the money willingly. It's not like I'm expecting it back the business money. I was expecting back, but I'm not counting on it and
Martin Price: You know, it's like if she if she chooses to
Martin Price: Say, well, I still I can't let down my boundaries. You know, I just
Martin Price: You're expecting me to
Martin Price: Trust you too quickly, or whatever, then
Martin Price: Then I basically have to say, then, you know, I just can't handle this anymore.
Martin Price: I mean, it's definitely not making me happy. That's for sure.
Dominique Pozo: Well, I think these are great places to start with a conversation of, you're not feeling well, physically and you're not really feeling happy.
Sad.
Martin Price: I feel like I'm going to get a stomach ulcers. Yeah, or heart attack. Yeah.
Martin Price: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Well,
Dominique Pozo: Let's reach out reach out and let some let's look at our calendars.
Okay.
Dominique Pozo: We can do two weeks from today or
Dominique Pozo: I'm gonna be traveling for most of next week. So next week's pretty
Martin Price: Okay.
Martin Price: Let's just do it for two weeks.
From today.
Martin Price: Is that what you want to do.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah. Does that work for you.
Yeah.
Martin Price: So tonight was 536 works better for me.
Dominique Pozo: I'm gonna work. That's fine. I can do that. Okay, thank you for flexing today that really helped.
Martin Price: Okay, so we're talking on
Dominique Pozo: The 13th at 6pm
Dominique Pozo: Okay, okay.
Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, Martin Well I'm wishing you a lot of just grace and strength as you
Martin Price: Needed
Dominique Pozo: Your station. Yeah.
Martin Price: Okay. Okay, thank you. I'll talk to you that you'd like a new travels
Martin Price: Thank you. Okay.
Bye bye.